8.0.0 (#396)
MetaMask/eth-sig-util: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [8.0.0]
### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: Remove numerical address cast ([#391](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/391))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: Values of type `number` are not accepted as address parameter anymore. Valid values are `string` and `Uint8Array`. ([#391](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/391))
```
https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/395#discussion_r1803769308
